_lectures/05_data.md, before:

---
type: lecture
date: 2023-01-30T16:00:00-05:00
title: "Data-Driven Graphics + image blending"
tldr: "Cool papers in data-driven graphics."
links:
    - url: "/static_files/lectures/lecture4_data_driven_graphics.pdf"
      name: pdf
    - url: "https://canvas.cmu.edu/files/9169751/download?download_frd=1"
      name: pptx
hide_from_announcments: true
---
Reading list:
- [Poisson Image Editing, Pérez et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2003](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~misha/Fall07/Papers/Perez03.pdf) 
- [Scene Completion using Millions of Photographs, Hays et al. in TOG, 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/projects/scene-completion/)
- [CG2Real: Improving the Realism of Computer Generated Images using a Large Collection of Photographs, Johnson et al. in TVCG, 2010](http://people.csail.mit.edu/billf/publications/CG2Real.pdf)
- [Modeling the shape of the scene: A holistic representation of the spatial envelope, Oliva et al. in IJCV, 2001](http://people.csail.mit.edu/torralba/code/spatialenvelope/)
- [Semantic photo synthesis, Johnson et al. in Computer Graphics Forum, 2006](http://mi.eng.cam.ac.uk/research/projects/Query/)
- [Sketch2Photo: internet image montage, Chen et al. in SIGGRAPHA, 2019](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1618452.1618470)
- [Photo Clip Art, Lalonde et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/projects/photoclipart/)
- [ShadowDraw: Real-Time User Guidance for Freehand Drawing, Lee et al. in TOG, 2011](http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/shadowdraw/ShadowDrawSiggraph11.pdf)
- [AverageExplorer: Interactive Exploration and Alignment of Visual Data Collections, Zhu et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2014](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~junyanz/projects/averageExplorer/)
- [Joint Bilateral Upsampling, 2007](https://johanneskopf.de/publications/jbu/paper/FinalPaper_0185.pdf), [presented by Jason Xu and Joyce Zhang]("/static_files/presentation/joint_bilateral.pdf")
- [Seam Carving for Content-Aware Image Resizing, Avidan et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/courses/15-463/2007_fall/hw/proj2/imret.pdf), [presented by Emma Liu]("/static_files/presentation/seam_carving.pdf")
- [Interactive Digital Photomontage, Agarwala et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2004](https://grail.cs.washington.edu/projects/photomontage/)
- [GrabCut -Interactive Foreground Extraction using Iterated Graph Cuts, Rother et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2004](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/grabcut-interactive-foreground-extraction-using-iterated-graph-cuts/)
- [Hybrid Images, Oliva et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2006](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1179352.1141919)
- [Image Deformation Using Moving Least Squares, Schaefer et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2006](https://people.engr.tamu.edu/schaefer/research/mls.pdf)
- [Sketch2Photo: internet image montage, Chen et al. in SIGGRAPH Asia 2009](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1618452.1618470)
- [Photo Clip Art, Lalonde et al. in SIGGARPH 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/projects/photoclipart/)
- [Graphcut Textures: Image and Video Synthesis Using Graph Cuts, 2003](https://faculty.cc.gatech.edu/~turk/my_papers/graph_cuts.pdf)
- [ShadowDraw: Real-Time User Guidance for Freehand Drawing, 2011](https://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/shadowdraw/shadowdraw.html)
- [Summarizing Visual Data Using Bidirectional Similarity, 2008](https://www.wisdom.weizmann.ac.il/~vision/VisualSummary/bidirectional_similarity_CVPR2008.pdf)

Commit message:

Updated lecture content, fixed hw2

_lectures/05_data.md, after:

---
type: lecture
date: 2023-01-30T16:00:00-05:00
title: "Data-Driven Graphics + image blending"
tldr: "Copy-paste smartly from large-scale data to compose an image"
thumbnail: "/static_files/lectures/0210.png"
links:
    - url: "/static_files/lectures/lecture4_data_driven_graphics.pdf"
      name: pdf
    - url: "https://canvas.cmu.edu/files/9169751/download?download_frd=1"
      name: pptx
hide_from_announcments: true
---
Reading list:
- [Poisson Image Editing, Pérez et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2003](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~misha/Fall07/Papers/Perez03.pdf) 
- [Scene Completion using Millions of Photographs, Hays et al. in TOG, 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/projects/scene-completion/)
- [CG2Real: Improving the Realism of Computer Generated Images using a Large Collection of Photographs, Johnson et al. in TVCG, 2010](http://people.csail.mit.edu/billf/publications/CG2Real.pdf)
- [Modeling the shape of the scene: A holistic representation of the spatial envelope, Oliva et al. in IJCV, 2001](http://people.csail.mit.edu/torralba/code/spatialenvelope/)
- [Semantic photo synthesis, Johnson et al. in Computer Graphics Forum, 2006](http://mi.eng.cam.ac.uk/research/projects/Query/)
- [Sketch2Photo: internet image montage, Chen et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2019](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1618452.1618470)
- [Photo Clip Art, Lalonde et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2007](http://graphics.cs.cmu.edu/projects/photoclipart/)
- [ShadowDraw: Real-Time User Guidance for Freehand Drawing, Lee et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2011](http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/shadowdraw/ShadowDrawSiggraph11.pdf)
- [AverageExplorer: Interactive Exploration and Alignment of Visual Data Collections, Zhu et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2014](https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~junyanz/projects/averageExplorer/)
- [Image Deformation Using Moving Least Squares, Schaefer et al. in SIGGRAPH, 2006](https://people.engr.tamu.edu/schaefer/research/mls.pdf)
